Project 1
CompSci 121
20th Feb, 2014
Caitlyn Goetz

PROJECT OVERVIEW:

This Java application displays an animated semi-truck that travels down the road toward the 
right until it goes off the page and then reappears on the left.  It also includes an 
orange head at the bottom with blue eyes and a pointed nose.  Included is the text "Look Out!!!"
on the top of the screen.  All of the objects in the animation scale when the screen is resized.

INCLUDED FILES:

	*README - this file
	*TrafficAnimatation.java - source code

BUILDING AND RUNNING:

All project files should be in the same directory

From the directory containing the .java source code, compile the program:
	$ javac TrafficAnimation.java
	
Run the program from the directory containing TrafficAnimation.class:
	$ java TrafficAnimation
	
The program will then run itself and the image with animations will appear on screen.

PROJECT DESIGN NOTES:

The program starts by extending the JPanel by creating anchor points and sizing the screen for
the animations to appear in.  Then it goes into its Graphic Component called canvas.  It finds
its own width and height so that the programmer can easily find those values in future methods.
Then the program reads the background color.  In this case it builds the middle as a gray road
and the outer edges as green "grassy" areas.  It also draws a rectangle to substitute for the 
yellow lines in the middle of roads.  

Then it calculates the positions of the objects so that the program knows where all the animations
are.  Then the program draws and fills rectangles and ovals with given sizes and colors to create
the animations of the semi "car", trailer, wheels, window and door handle.  It then calls a method
to create the "title" on the top of the screen, in this case "Look Out!!!."  It assigns the text 
the color orange.  After that it continues through to create the avatar, which includes three ovals
and one arc to create a head, eyes and nose.  The eyes and nose are assigned to be a navy blue while
the head is more of an orange color.

After this, the program doesn't need to create anything more but it looks through to see the size of
the panel and then tells the program to run and repaint, giving the truck the motion of moving to 
the right.

TESTING:

I tested the program throughout its development.  Everytime I altered something or created a new
object, I would test it to make sure the object was in the right spot and that everything was 
behaving appropriately.  My program handles bad input well, because the only input it recieves is 
the command to run.  There are no known issues remaining in the program except for maybe it could
wrap around the screen better.

DISCUSSION:

I had a hard time getting a handle on how to scale the objects and make sure they were going to 
appear in the right space.  This was easily fixed with more practice and toward the end I was 
fairly good at it.  That is the thing I had the most trouble with.  I researched how to make 
custom colors and I used the link provided to find a good template for it.

EXTRA CREDIT:

I didn't get the extra credit all the way but I was able to get the wrapping most of the way.



